---
chapter: 2
chapter-title: Cemeterror
---

Chadwick lifted his head from the ground. His ears rang. Dimly he could see Derfin stirring behind nearby cover. The majority of the courtyard was clouded in thick smoke. Mnetally, he probed his connection to NGE. She seemed mostly unharmed, and informed Chad that she had taken the liberty of hiding inside the Alchemists' Society doorway when the torch fell.

Gavin and Chomsky slowly got up as well. The ringing began to fade.

"--RIGHT IN THE FACE! Fuck _yes_, eat shit goblins, eat my _arrow shit_!"

Derfin seemed to have recovered more quickly than the others. Gavin tried to remember. Was Elven Fortitude a thing? Or was that for dwarves? Whatever.

The smoke began to clear. Slowly the courtyard came back in to view, largely unscathed from the explosion. The goblin corpses were the opposite of unscathed. Charred bodies littered the ground. Here and there sat an errant limb; Derfin noted that one goblin's head had made it all the way up to a nearby roof. Besides the five members of the group, nothing made any motion. The sounds of combat had disappeared. The goblin attack was resoundingly defeated. 

Chad hopped up, seemingly recovered. "Damn, guys. Nice job on that climactic final battle!" He rubbed his hands together. "Any of you know what time it is?"

Chomsky checked his pocketwatch. "It's, uh, half past--"

"It's LOOTIN' time!" said Chad, bounding towards the nearest corpse. "Man, Derfin, I bet that one you Groucho'd up there had some sweet-ass ring, or maybe that shawl is cursed to make the wearer think it's fashionable." He rooted through the charred clothes.

Derfin glanced around. "I mean, I guess we can loot all of these bodies if there's nothing left for us to do."

Chad glared at Derfin. "_No_. There is _nothing left to do_."

"STOP! THIEF!" cried a voice from a nearby alleyway.

"What was that?" said Gavin. "Sounds like something cool over that way!"

"NOPE." Chadwick struggled with the belt buckle on his corpse. "Nope nothing, sounds like exactly nothing at all. We killed all of these goblins, and now we get their stuff."

"Someone help!" cried a second voice from the same alleyway. "Anybody! Please, stop what you might be doing and assist us!"

Derfin ran to the alleyway with Gavin close behind. "But...!" Chad said plaintively. "But dead goblins! Money!" Chomsky stowed the middle finger from a dead goblin in his pocket, and then followed the others.

Chad looked at the goblins, then at the alley, then back at the goblins. NGE ran past him towards the alleyway. "GOD! FINE!" yelled Chad. He ripped the belt off of the goblin and took a ring from its finger before running to catch up with the team.